1) Hitachi ST-350
The Hitachi ST-350 is a multi-pocket banknote counter and sorting solution. Designed for mixed denominations, the adjustable counting speed allows counting of both new and unfit banknotes with several sorting features.

2) Hitachi ST-150
The high-speed Hitachi ST-150N sorter continues to push the boundaries of technology, using the latest detection sensors, programming, and customer input.

3)Hitachi IH-210
The Hitachi iH-210 is a multi-pocket banknote counter and sorting solution.

4)Hitachi IH-110
Is an intelligent and reliable banknote counter, which uses image processing technology to recognize banknotes and to discriminate denominations.The iH-110 features Full Color Imaging with Dual CIS scanning, which scans both sides of the bills to reduce unwanted rejects.

5)NC-7500
NC7500 heavy duty 2-pocket fitness sorter designed to achieve growing demand for efficient cash management in back office processes.

6)MA-NC8500
NC8500, the latest and most advanced model from MA, is the fastest fitness sorter in the group, featuring enhanced and reliable authentication / fitness sorting ability.

7)MA-NC3500
Masterwork NC Series banknote discriminators are the most intelligent and reliable banknote counters which apply optical inspection and use image processing technology to recognize bills and to discriminate denominations.

8)MA-NC6500
It is a cost-effective and low noise equipment specially designed for tellers.
Not only authenticate, but also process fitness sorting of counted banknotes. Capable of cheque scanning with the image processing technology. The all-in-one design makes all tedious operations in a snap.

9)MA-NC7100
NC7100 heavy duty 2-pocket fitness sorter designed to achieve growing demand for efficient cash management in back office processes.


10)Kolibri Signature
2-Pocket Business-Grade Mixed Bill Counter, Sorter and Reader with Counterfeit Detection
Automatically reads mixed stack of bills as it passes to count and sort based on denomination – unlike simple bill counters which cannot determine denomination and value.


11)Xpecto
Cassida Xpecto is the first single value counter equipped with an advanced dual CIS technology which is an optimum combination of hardware and software.

12)Xpecto Lite
The Cassida Xpecto Lite is a new innovation of an affordable but of top-quality Single Pocket Mix Value Counter. It is convenient and easy to use with CIS, UV, MG, IR detections. 


13)Laurel X8
The Laurel X8 is a high-speed multi-currency 1.5 pocket Banknote Counter and Sorter. This machine iscapable of authentication and value counting. It is one of the smallest but fastest desktop banknote sorters available.

14)Laurel-J717
The Laurel J-717 Currency Counter is light, compact and silent and it fully combines user-friendly functions with cost effective performance.


15)Scan Coin Sc-8220
The SC 8220 Note Counter is a great value proposition for businesses looking to reduce the cost of their cash handling operation but also operate in more than one currency.

16)Scan Coin ICP Active-9
Automatic coin handling is one thing - intelligent coin processing is quite another. As a cash center executive, you know all about monitoring performance, profitability and customer satisfaction—and how to get every last ounce of your company's investments.

17)Scan Coin SC-360
With counting speeds up to 3,000 coins/minute, the SC 350 and SC 360 are real time-savers. Reliable partners for banking, retail, amusement and other businesses that need to count, verify or bag coins or tokens.

18)Scan Coin DTC-6 coin sorter
The DTC is a heavy duty coin counterand sorter with the ability to reject foreign and damaged coins. Through the unique sensor technology the solution offers outstanding accuracy, combined with reliable functions.

19)Scan Coin Sc-8100
The Scan Coin-8100 with 1 pocket is equipped with the latest sensor technology, including MG, UV, IR and image detection, to securely find known counterfeits. 


web product 
20) SC-303 / SC-313
These reliable, durable, and long-lasting coin counters are a fantastic daily help, saving you time by counting, verifying and bagging coins and tokens.

21)SC-3003
Do you need to count large quantities of coins at a fast rate and still ensure efficient and reliable counting? Then you should get the most robust high quality coin counter on the market.




22)ICX Active-9 Accessories
It is designed for processing 250 000 coins per shift. Besides the flexibility of Active Sorting, this coin sorter offers multiple accessories enabling a solution that meets your unique business needs.



23)DTC, the Ultimate Coin Sorter
The DTC is a strong performer in counting and sorting, as well as in rejecting foreign and damaged coins. Through the unique sensor technology the solution offers outstanding accuracy, combined with reliable functions. The solution has the latest technology and is designed to satisfy the market’s need for reliable and modern cash processing. 

24)DTC-1 & DTC-2, the Ultimate Coin Counters
The DTC-1 & DTC-2 are strong performers in counting, as well as in rejecting foreign and damaged coins. Through the unique sensor technology the solution offers outstanding accuracy, combined with reliable functions. The solution has the latest technology and is designed to satisfy the market’s need for reliable and modern cash processing.

25)Coin Sachet System
Do you want to achieve an accurate, secure and cost-effective method of packaging large amounts of coin? Do you want trouble-free control and easy maintenance when packaging coins? If so, the SCAN COIN Sachet System is the system for you!


26)Coin Roll Dispenser CRC-100
CRC-100 is a cost effective and reliable self-service solution to provide your cashiers with change at any time of the day.

27)


28)


29)


30)


